Feature/922 make permissions configurable for custom workflows (#923)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/user_guide/features/github_workflows/workflow_variables.rst

  :start-at: github_template_dict
  :end-before: @computed_field

.. _custom_workflow_metadata:

Custom Workflow Metadata
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The PTB extracts metadata from reusable custom workflow files and exposes it

Reviewer: I like the general and technical description. 

Could we, for more straight-forward and impatient users, add a small section with concrete instructions? 
* What do I need to do?
* When? (In which Scenario / Use Case / Problem)
* Example, maybe a pointer to one of the PTB's workflow templates illustrating the usage?

Author: I think for impatient users they can use codex to summarize what's already there.
There really isn't in my opinion too much text.
Each section already has an example showing what to do.

Author: Perhaps, there was some confusion as the headers weren't properly defined. I've fixed that in a commit so it looks like.

<img height="200" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3edb6707-be10-4d36-bf2f-91cb0689667f" />

through :py:attr:`exasol.toolbox.config.BaseConfig.github_template_dict` under the
``custom_workflows`` entry. PTB-controlled workflow templates use that metadata
when they call reusable workflows.

.. _custom_workflow_secrets:

Secrets
-------

> The PTB extracts secret names from custom workflow files and exposes them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PTB extracts the names of secrets from custom workflow files and exposes them
```
